I'm going to fuss'
Genius must be stopped!
It's time to stop everyone
Genius, which is a site that, to my concern, is used to break down
rap texts explaining the meaning of the song
To give more depth to the artist
But now Genius has taken on new adventures
* 9 year old voice * Hit or miss, I guess they never miss what?
That frame is a slang meaning
What
You got a girlfriend, I bet he doesn't kiss ya
mwah
What does it mean then
The joke here is that Robert doesn't want to kiss
What
We dont want to know the meaning behind this
It's disgusting
Reach now with Genius or rap genius or whatever you want to call it
Instead of having respectable artists who deserve recognition
They decided
LET'S ADD Viners
ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘ ðŸ‘
Like Lele Pons and Gabbie Hanna
And of course
The Backpack kid
So essentially going from
Thaw
I am fussin '
What does he mean by that
Finally i can understand what he means
With "I be flossin" "
There's just a ton of great memes from this guy
They've clearly just given up
he is HEEEEH haA
I don't hate vegans, I don't even give a **** if you're vegan
stop showing it down my ******
I dont care
great what you're doing. Thank you for helping the cows
stopping the ads and the ****** fruit flies and shit, thats great do that
I'm really happy for you, keep doing it becuase
I like animals
But i also eat them
ehhm .... soo
Im kind or conflicted
hehehe
There's a ton of stuff to go through
But why don't we start with the I am flossin 'song
Just cuase 'we already brought it up, for convenience matters
I am fussin '
What does he mean by that
Flossin 'is the dance that took the world by storm on the internet
* Ninja trying to hype the crowd *
* It doesn't work at all *
Flossin 'the dance that took the world by storm
It just really came to mind
I was just playing around in the mirror, playing music and in started dancing
And then I started doing it and I was like
WOW, it has a cool rythm to it
so i just brought it to Instagram
The dance, it just really came to mind
You mean when you where browsing YouTube
Don't lie to Floss kid
Everyone knows the original was from 2014, huh
You want me to do it again?
"Yea"
"Okay"
THE DANCE, just really came to mind
I don't know, it's just so random
I don't understand
I'm joking obviusly, I'm not saying he actually plagiarized it
A lot of people are saying that he did
But, obviously it's possible for two people to come up with the same dancemove
I know, crazy to think about, right?
I think that's why it's so funny to me
Or, his parents or management are trying to copyright this dancemove
That, its not even original
Everywhere you go you will see the flossin 'dance
NO really, come on now
That's ... That's really hard
It's hard isn't it
Come on we gotta get it now
The craziest place in the seen floss dance is probably in New York
There was a Guinness Book of the World thing they were doing for the amount of people flossin 'at one hour
And it was just 600 000 people. And they didn't invite me but it's okay:)
wait a
wait a minute. wait a minute, sorry but
did he just say that
600,000 people tried to do something in New York City
And this was recorded before Ninjas
Now it all makes sense, it doesn't
It says that they are trying to get a million people to the floss in New York City
So we're going to get a million people right now to dance in Times Square
* Pewds screaming * OHHHHHH
So they're trying to beat the floss record
hahhaha ha
But no one did it
Imagine trying to break a world record by trying to get a million people to do something
This just brings whole meaning to this whole thing
Thats amazing!
BUT NO ONE DID IT
* Ninja hyping crowd once again *
Now I'm .... Now I get it
This is how bad ideas come to mind
When you try and steal some other people's idea that doesn't make sense
Just like the dance
I'm just kidding
I'm being harsh on this kid, I mean like
It's a cool dance, I'm not saying it didn't come up with it
I want to go to Paris, I want to see the Eiffel Tower. That's great CONTENT
Perfect example of why I love Genius
The way I love Genius
I wanna go to France
I want to see the Eiffel Tower
Why did you write this thing, what was the deeper meaning behind it?
I want to go to France
Thats great content
* pewds * okay
* pewds * staph
Oh good, please stop, please stop, stop, STOP, STAPH IT, ENOUGH
* Explosions *
Alright, so the first thing you want for you is. Spread your legs
And then you're gonna put your arms out
* pewds * and go left right, go left right
left to right
INCREDIBLE everyone
What motivated you and your mum to sue
Ehmm, It was really my mum and my management that got the lawsuit
Im kind of just a kid, having fun in life
Im just letting the adults do all the busy work
I don't really know the law like that I really can't say if they are taking advantage of anything or anything like that
But like, from a standpoint, like a manager standpoint.
They think they're taking advantage of me
Luckily you can sue anyone, just go ahead
Just go ahead, please don't sue me tho
This is one reason no one floss during Ninjas gahaHAHA
They just didn't want to get copyrighted
I'm not falling for that, I'm not doing the floss. That's copyright
I know this is kind of a dead meme
The whole, maybe I'm the monster
So goddamn good
Literally sounds like the beginning of a shit American idol audition
* pewds laughing *
It's funny, cause it's true
Really don't know what I'm made of
Really they don't know
So that line "people want to talk when I'm not around to hear"
Means a few things
One is obviously like gossip and rumors
* Gabbie talking about herself *
Shut the fack up
People wanna talk when I'm not around to hear Really, they don't know what I'm made of
How much meaning you can get into this
I'm tougher than you think
But also, it was supposed to be a deeper meaning on DNA
What DNA are you talking about?
I don't want to be much on Gabbie, I mean everyone has been really mean in the comments going like
Ah, she can't sing blah blah blah
I mean lets be real here, so many artists can't sing and that hasn't stopped anyone
So keep doing what you're doing gabbie
Cauuse 'the memes are great
I listen to music that I feel is vulnerable
REALLY ?!
really!
Jacob Sartorius has a genius
WHY
STOP
Oh my god, what the ftst is that
They just give up
They've just completely given up haven't they?
These are old, it's four days before the flossin 'one
Alright, let's see what he has to say
You actually have saved me with this song.
There is nothing that beats that
Oh good, this argument
alright, yeah yeah yeah like if at least one person got this song and said it saved their life
That has brought meaning to my work
Like, imagine being 50 and you're being and adult in the future
I'm a survivor
Oh you survived the camps?
No, but Jacob Sartorius saved me
Jacob Sartorius saved my life
Thank you Jacob, your musically got me really inspired
Me and my managers are in LA and we go and eat food everyday
And I'm so used to the same thing where the waiters are like "okay what can you get?"
They're not happy with their job
I mean it's a job and you know people gotta work
But at the same time, you should be happy with what you're doing
It's nice to know that people care about you sometimes their waiter and you can be okay with that
what the fuck are you saying
I'm more confused now when he explained it
These must be some really advanced lyrics
For the record you have to have advanced lyrics
But if you go on Genius
Then maybe you want something to say but what is this
You ordered a coke
But you ordered the coke ... You ordered the coke
Is that what you mean
How did you ... aaahhh
There was a thing about that you should love your job like
Every waiter is supposed to be happy he's serving me coke
Not everyone can make a living from musically videos and horny tweens
Jesus Christ dude
If you want to worry about your health then maybe your management that you eat lunch with everyday
Like, I don't get it, maybe I don't get it
Maybe his stuff is to advanced for me
what the hell happened
just give up
I can't keep ripping into this kids alright I get it
I don't wanna be bully
Jacob do whatever you want, alright I'm not trying to stop you. Live your life
Be free man, order as many coke as you want
Don't let anyone hold you back
Maybe coke zero, now you look like a skinny boy you can probably drink regular coke
* Ance *
Lele Pons
When Lele Pons was on Genius I knew it was over
and I get that you have to understand that this video comes from
A place of
DISAPPOINTMENT
I really like thissss, I really like Genius
I really enjoy watching different artists and rappers explain their lyrics
I don't like Lele Pons (she's latina tax)
hey look there's my comment
Large yikes
How did we get here
HUH!
I wonder what Lele is doing, you know
Clearly you do not have to advertise this series
Art is here, I wouldn't like that either
It would just be annoying, we need a bit of contrast in there and i respect Genius for doing that
But friends
Please for the love of good stop giving viners a platform
Now let's say there are tons of great friends on this platform
Like Drew Gordon, he has great videos
Danny Gonzales, all I'm saying here is actually talented, funny and smart people
That came from wines
But its the desperation that really gets me
It's that clawing for relevancy that's just so gross to me
They always crawl their way into the corporate world somewhere
Just a little * someone * I don't generally hate her but the desperation
just disgusts me
And it's so transparent with these guys
It's just sickening, I don't like it. I don't want to see it
That's what I mean. I just don't wanna see them
And I can't help them crawling there way into my territory
My Genius reviews, okay?
just stop
So let me just end up at reviewing some of my favorite genius reviews that are actually funny
We have Big Chef for example
Now that's genius
hahahaha, that's great
My absolute favorite one has to be the Lil Yacht
Peekabo
** not understand **
The man did not just make that sound
** still got no idea what he's saying **
If anyone can transcribe that to me, please cause 'I have no idea what he just said
You need to really pay attention
Which is why it's so important to listen to this
Now the best breakdown of lyrics of all time is coming right up
** still got no idea what he says **
I guess for a second in thought a cello was a woodwind instrument and it is not
I guess for a second
That's why you wrote a whole song about it
That's why it's in a song, just for a second
You thought a cello
was a blowing instrument
I'm so happy that's in a song
Just for a second
I just ... I ... It just happened for a second guys
It was an honest mistake
And instead of saying I made a mistake I'm just gonna go ahead and blame my manager
Or whoever produced the song because they didn't know either
Okay
He thought Squidward played the cello
Squidward plaed the CLARINET
You're a musician
Okay
Hope you guys enjoyed this genius and rap
I keep calling it rap genius, It's clearly not what it is
VINER genius, that right. That's a thing apparently
Hope you guys enjoyed, you'd really appreciate it
Get some merch everybody, it's now 50% SALE
That's right so if you ever wanted to buy merch but be like
hmm, i don't know maybe i dont have th-
NOW'S THE TIME BABY
get that merch fam
get it, go get it right
you can get that subscribe to Pewdiepie merch
or maybe the 70 million club merch
OR maybe the cyka lead
oh wait we don't have that
or maybe the pew news merch
I don't know, ton of options
check it out
I also wanna give a quick shoutout
To my husband
CJ PLAYS
Okay?
he makes incredible videos
I review one of his videos before
Apparently he's been a little scared of making more video
so I just wanted to hope that CJ
get encouraged to make more videos
I genuinely think that they bring a lot of joy to people like that
eh
shoutout to ma man CJ
and I hope he keep uploading
That's it for me for now
See you next time
brother
You want pyramids we got them
oh you are in the end what we got you covered baby you want some pets easy
We got it all, this game is still relevant to the hell